NOTICE.md, before:

MagicSpells is licensed under **GNU General Public License v3**. For details, see `LICENSE` file in the root directory.

The project includes software developed by third parties. For their full license terms and conditions, please refer to the respective license files provided in the `3rd_party_licenses` directory.

- ANTLR:
  - Repository: `antlr/antlr4`
  - Licensed by: **The ANTLR Project**
  - License: **BSD 3-Clause "New" or "Revised" License** (See `3rd_party_licenses/LICENSE-BSDv3`)

- Apache Commons Math:
  - Repository: `apache/commons-math`
  - Licensed by: **Apache Software Foundation**
  - License: See `3rd_party_licenses/LICENSE-apache_math`
  - Attributions:
    - *This product includes software developed at The Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/).*
    - *This product includes software developed for Orekit by CS Systèmes d'Information (http://www.c-s.fr/)*

- EffectLib:
  - Repository: `Chronoken/EffectLib`
  - Licensed by: **Slikey**
  - License: **MIT License** (See `3rd_party_licenses/LICENSE-MIT`)

- Annotation Command Framework (ACF):
  - Repository: `Chronoken/EffectLib`
  - Licensed by: **Daniel Ennis and Contributors**
  - License: **MIT License** (See `3rd_party_licenses/LICENSE-MIT`)

- bStats:
  - Repository: `Bastian/bStats`
  - Licensed by: **Bastian Oppermann**
  - License: **MIT License** (See `3rd_party_licenses/LICENSE-MIT`)

- ProtocolLib:
  - Repository: `dmulloy2/ProtocolLib`
  - License: **GNU General Public License v2** (See `3rd_party_licenses/LICENSE-GPLv2`)

- PlaceholderAPI:
  - Repository: `PlaceholderAPI/PlaceholderAPI`
  - License: **General Public License v3.0** (See `3rd_party_licenses/LICENSE-GPLv3`)

- GriefPrevention:
  - Repository: `GriefPrevention/GriefPrevention`
  - License: **General Public License v3.0** (See `3rd_party_licenses/LICENSE-GPLv3`)

- WorldEdit:
  - Repository: `EngineHub/WorldEdit`
  - Licensed by: **sk89q, WorldEdit team and contributors**
  - License: **General Public License v3.0** (See `3rd_party_licenses/LICENSE-GPLv3`)

- XGlow:
  - Repository: `Xezard/XGlow`
  - License: **Apache-2.0 License** (See `3rd_party_licenses/LICENSE-Apache_v2`)

- packetevents:
  - Repository: `retrooper/packetevents`
  - License: **General Public License v3.0** (See `3rd_party_licenses/LICENSE-GPLv3`)

- Caffeine:
  - Repository: `ben-manes/caffeine`
  - License: **Apache-2.0 License** (See `3rd_party_licenses/LICENSE-Apache_v2`)

Commit message:

feat: Swap Exp4j with EvalEx

NOTICE.md, after:

MagicSpells is licensed under **GNU General Public License v3**. For details, see `LICENSE` file in the root directory.

The project includes software developed by third parties. For their full license terms and conditions, please refer to the respective license files provided in the `3rd_party_licenses` directory.

- ANTLR:
  - Repository: `antlr/antlr4`
  - Licensed by: **The ANTLR Project**
  - License: **BSD 3-Clause "New" or "Revised" License** (See `3rd_party_licenses/LICENSE-BSDv3`)

- Apache Commons Math:
  - Repository: `apache/commons-math`
  - Licensed by: **Apache Software Foundation**
  - License: See `3rd_party_licenses/LICENSE-apache_math`
  - Attributions:
    - *This product includes software developed at The Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/).*
    - *This product includes software developed for Orekit by CS Systèmes d'Information (http://www.c-s.fr/)*

- EvalEx:
  - Repository: `ezylang/EvalEx`
  - Licensed by: **Udo Klimaschewski**, with thanks to contributors.
  - License: **Apache-2.0 License** (See `3rd_party_licenses/LICENSE-Apache_v2`)
  - Attributions:
    - *The "power of" operator (^) implementation was copied from [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3579779/how-to-do-a-fractional-power-on-bigdecimal-in-java). Thanks to Eugene Marin.*
    - *The `SQRT()` function implementation was taken from the book [The Java Programmers Guide To numerical Computing](https://www.amazon.de/Java-Number-Cruncher-Programmers-Numerical/dp/0130460419) (Ronald Mak, 2002)*

- EffectLib:
  - Repository: `Chronoken/EffectLib`
  - Licensed by: **Slikey**
  - License: **MIT License** (See `3rd_party_licenses/LICENSE-MIT`)

- Annotation Command Framework (ACF):
  - Repository: `Chronoken/EffectLib`
  - Licensed by: **Daniel Ennis and Contributors**
  - License: **MIT License** (See `3rd_party_licenses/LICENSE-MIT`)

- bStats:
  - Repository: `Bastian/bStats`
  - Licensed by: **Bastian Oppermann**
  - License: **MIT License** (See `3rd_party_licenses/LICENSE-MIT`)

- ProtocolLib:
  - Repository: `dmulloy2/ProtocolLib`
  - License: **GNU General Public License v2** (See `3rd_party_licenses/LICENSE-GPLv2`)

- PlaceholderAPI:
  - Repository: `PlaceholderAPI/PlaceholderAPI`
  - License: **General Public License v3.0** (See `3rd_party_licenses/LICENSE-GPLv3`)

- GriefPrevention:
  - Repository: `GriefPrevention/GriefPrevention`
  - License: **General Public License v3.0** (See `3rd_party_licenses/LICENSE-GPLv3`)

- WorldEdit:
  - Repository: `EngineHub/WorldEdit`
  - Licensed by: **sk89q, WorldEdit team and contributors**
  - License: **General Public License v3.0** (See `3rd_party_licenses/LICENSE-GPLv3`)

- XGlow:
  - Repository: `Xezard/XGlow`
  - License: **Apache-2.0 License** (See `3rd_party_licenses/LICENSE-Apache_v2`)

- packetevents:
  - Repository: `retrooper/packetevents`
  - License: **General Public License v3.0** (See `3rd_party_licenses/LICENSE-GPLv3`)

- Caffeine:
  - Repository: `ben-manes/caffeine`
  - License: **Apache-2.0 License** (See `3rd_party_licenses/LICENSE-Apache_v2`)
