README.md, before:

# MagicSpells
Build status: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/TheComputerGeek2/MagicSpells.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/TheComputerGeek2/MagicSpells)
Downloads: [![Github Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/TheComputerGeek2/MagicSpells/total.svg)](https://github.com/TheComputerGeek2/MagicSpells/releases)

MagicSpells is a Bukkit plugin that allows you to set up a magic system, and much more. The plugin is very configurable and flexible.
This plugin has nearly endless possibilities.

### Version Independent Resources
- **Forums**: http://magicspells.site.nfoservers.com/forums/


### This version of MagicSpells
> [Discord Link](https://discord.gg/FJXfDPZ)
- **Community Spell Examples**: https://github.com/niblexis/ms-examples
- **Plugin Guides**: http://magicspells.site.nfoservers.com/forums/categories/guides
- **Community information thread**: http://magicspells.site.nfoservers.com/forums/discussion/17/community-update


### Classical MagicSpells
> Reminder that most of this is deprecated
- **BukkitDev Page**: http://dev.bukkit.org/bukkit-plugins/magicspells/  
- **Configuration Documentation**: http://nisovin.com/magicspells/  
- **Release Downloads**: http://dev.bukkit.org/bukkit-plugins/magicspells/files/  
- **Dev Builds**: http://nisovin.com/magicspells/dev/  

### Building
- The move to gradle has made building much easier. The only step is running the command `./gradlew assemble`. Simple right?

### Demonstrations of MagicSpells in Action
> More coming soon
- https://youtu.be/ytb62SzjNhs
- https://youtu.be/L1vKdE-Tomo
- https://youtu.be/UdvCsnMkd_o

Commit message:

Added README instructions for running server

README.md, after:

# MagicSpells
Build status: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/TheComputerGeek2/MagicSpells.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/TheComputerGeek2/MagicSpells)
Downloads: [![Github Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/TheComputerGeek2/MagicSpells/total.svg)](https://github.com/TheComputerGeek2/MagicSpells/releases)

MagicSpells is a Bukkit plugin that allows you to set up a magic system, and much more. The plugin is very configurable and flexible.
This plugin has nearly endless possibilities.

### Version Independent Resources
- **Forums**: http://magicspells.site.nfoservers.com/forums/


### This version of MagicSpells
> [Discord Link](https://discord.gg/FJXfDPZ)
- **Community Spell Examples**: https://github.com/niblexis/ms-examples
- **Plugin Guides**: http://magicspells.site.nfoservers.com/forums/categories/guides
- **Community information thread**: http://magicspells.site.nfoservers.com/forums/discussion/17/community-update


### Classical MagicSpells
> Reminder that most of this is deprecated
- **BukkitDev Page**: http://dev.bukkit.org/bukkit-plugins/magicspells/  
- **Configuration Documentation**: http://nisovin.com/magicspells/  
- **Release Downloads**: http://dev.bukkit.org/bukkit-plugins/magicspells/files/  
- **Dev Builds**: http://nisovin.com/magicspells/dev/  

### Building
- The move to gradle has made building much easier. The only step is running the command `./gradlew assemble`. Simple right?
- To use the `./gradlew runServerWithMagicspells`, create a folder called `server` and put a psigot jar named `spigot-1.12.2.jar` in it. The rest will be done for you.

### Demonstrations of MagicSpells in Action
> More coming soon
- https://youtu.be/ytb62SzjNhs
- https://youtu.be/L1vKdE-Tomo
- https://youtu.be/UdvCsnMkd_o
